# What do you know so far?
1. Go back through every exercise yo uhave done so far and write down every word and symbol that you have used.
2. Next to each word or symbol, write its name and what it does.
3. Memorize your list.

- Exercise 1
    - print() - this will print strings to the console
- Exercise 2
    - "#" is how to include a comment (without the quotation marks, MD reads # as header tag)
    - more print()
- Exercise 3
    - "+" plus is used for addition
    - "-" minues is used for subtraction
    - "/" slash is used for division
    - "*" asterisk is used for multiplaction
    - "%" percent is used for the modulo operator which gives the remainder after division
    - "<" less-than indicates if something is less than another
    - ">" greater-than indicates if something is greater than another
    - "<=" less-than-equal indicates if something is less than or equal to another
    - ">=" greater-than-equal indicates if something is greater than or equal to another
- Exercise 4
    - The "=" is the assignment operator and allows a value to be assigned to a variable.
- Exercise 5
    - print(f"{variable_name}") - this allows for direct insertion of a variable into a string to print without the need to concatenate a string. Much easier to type.
- Exercise 6
    - True - Boolean value that equals 1
    - False - Boolean value that equals 0
- Exercise 7
    - Concatenation - using the "+" to join together different things (strings, variables, etc.)
    - end = " " - adds a space to the end of a line
    - .format() - fills a {} within a string, seems similar to an f-string
- Exercise 8
    - more {} to practice filling strings with the .format() function
- Exercise 9
    - "\n" - escape character that starts a new line
- Exercise 10
    - "\" - generic escape character
    - "\t" - tab in
    - Escape sequences (listed on page 35)
        | Escape | What it does.|
        | ----------- | ----------- |
        | \\\ | Backslash |
        | \\' | Single-quote |
        | \\" | Double-quote |
        | \\a | ASCII bell (BEL) |
        | \\b | ASCII backspace (BS) |
        | \\f | ASCII formfeed (FF) |
        | \\n | ASCII linefeed (LF) |
        | \\N{name} | Character named name in the Unicode database (Unicode only) |
        | \\r | Carriage return (CR) |
        | \\t | Horizontal tab (TAB) |
        | \\uxxxx | Character with 16-bit hex value xxxx |
        | \\uxxxxxxxx | Character with 32-bit hex value xxxxxxxx |
        | \\v | ASCII vertical tab (VT) |
        | \\000 | Chracter with octal value 000 |
        | \\xhh | Chracter with hex value hh |
- Exercise 11
    - input() - prompts the user with whatever is within the parentheses
- Exercise 12
    - input("How old are you? ") would ask the user to input a value, it is stored as a string, so that must be adjusted if you wanted to use the input as an int or float
- Exercise 13
    - from * import * - allows for the importing of functions from other modules, in this exercise, we used "from sys import argv" which allows for the passing of information through the CLI to the program.
- Exercise 14
    - more prompting (using input()), but storing it directly as variables for use later on.
- Exercise 15
    - open(FILENAME) opens a file for use within the code
    - make sure you .close() it
    - FILENAME.read() prints the contents to the CLI.
- Exercise 16
    - open(FILENAME, 'w') - opens the file so that it can be 'written'
    - .truncate() - empties the file so be careful!
    - .write('stuff') - writes "stuff" to the file
    - readline() - reads just one line of a text file
    - seek(0) - moves the read/write location to the beginning of the file
- Exercise 17
    - you can use the above commands to copy/create new files
- Exercise 18
    - functions are mini chunks of code that can be written out and called again later. they start with def NAME(var):
- Exercise 19
    - the "var" within a function declaration can be empty, many, a lot. those arguments passed in can be variables from the global scope and used in the local scope.
- Exercise 20
    - similar to variables being used, functions can also work with files passed as arguments
- Exercise 21
    - return - passes something from a function to be used in the global scope in this case, when test_function(x, y) is called, z is returned to be used outside the scope of the function.
        ```
            def test_function(x, y):
                z = x + y
                return z
        ```